Add a attach_all_providers flag to auto add Providers to NotificationSources (#63)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-circuit-maintenance: README.md

- `name`: Name to identify the Source and will be available in the UI.
- `url`: URL to reach the Notification Source (i.e. `imap://imap.gmail.com:993`)

There is also one optional attribute:

> - `attach_all_providers`: Flag that enable auto link of new created `Providers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `attach_all_providers`: Flag that enables auto linking of newly created `Providers` to this Notification Source.
```
